New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/psychic-null.adoc

= Psychic Null

`Unit ability`

> These units disrupt nearby Psykers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some rare beings can somehow sever the connection between the Warp and real-space in their immediate surroundings.
Among other things, this means that psychic powers simply don't work on them or near them.
```

---

Where your unit has the {psychic-null} ability:

> * The unit cannot be targeted by Psychic Fate Cards such as Psychic Blast.
> * Any {psyker} unit in base contact with this unit cannot use psychic Fate Cards such as Psychic Blast.
> * Any {psyker} unit in base contact with this unit does not count towards which side has more Psykers in an assault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your opponent cannot target this unit with a Psychic Attack Fate card, such as Psychic Blast.
* Where this unit is in base contact with an enemy {psyker} unit, your opponent cannot use that unit to channel the effects of a Psychic Attack Fate card, such as Psychic Blast.
* Where this unit is in base contact with an enemy {psyker} unit, that unit does not count towards your opponent's total number of {psyker} units in the assault.
```
